[Music]
creeper
a woman so we back in the mind got our
big cats swinging from side to side side
side to side this Tesco clothing hope
you find some diamonds here night night
time on tonight
heads up you hear a sound turn around
and look up total shock fills your body
oh no it's you again I can never forget
those eyes eyes eyes
[Music]
cause baby tonight
just when you think you're safe over
here song you sing from right behind
right behind that's enough like you have
shame It's gotta end up this time time
time time time time time
close up then your health or trucks and
you could use
[Music]
I die cause baby tonight
dig up diamonds and craft those diamonds
and make some armor get a baby go and
Forge the like you so MLG pro the swords
made of diamonds so come at me bro cut
training in your room under the
Torchlight home that formed to get you
ready for the big fight every single day
and the whole night Creepers out
prowling ooh all right look at me look
at you take my revenge that's what I'm
gonna do I'm a warrior baby what else is
new and my Blade's gonna tear through
you
again
[Music]
yeah baby tonight
grab your big shovel and go take your
revenge
so fight fight like it's the last last
night of your life life
cause baby tonight
[Music]
again